What did I lie to you about?
I know it all
You are the chairperson of this company
How long do you want to lie to me?
What about this?
I didn't mean to hide it at first
It's just that the world is cold now
I had to do it too
The world is hot and cold
brother-in-law
Then there is no need to lie to me.
I'm hiding this out of a bad policy
But it also showed me the humanity of this society
Isn't that nice?
Then you don't need to lie to me, do you?
I hate it when people lie to me
I'm not here to waste your time either.
Farewell to the chairperson
Dream by Dream
Dream one
Wang Yi, listen to my explanation
What's there to explain?
Isn't it true that you lied to me?
I told you to stop following me
I really didn't mean to lie to you.